I didn't think about the conditions.
This is the second in command of the dynasty
Kumano, you are doomed today
Kumano, you are the master of killing without blinking an eye
You just wait to be fed the fish with a gun
Okay, I didn't do anything wrong.
They're dying and they're chasing them.
Chen Tianze
I'd rather see how I die today
Master Xiong, I am Qingfeng Li of the Li family
We had dinner together last time
Are you familiar with it?
As expected of the bear
Even Young Master Li is so afraid of him
It seems that Chen Tianze is dead
Whose card is this?
This might be a good opportunity to curry favor with Lord Bear
A team like Master Xiong
It's not worth it at all.
Let me do it for you
Come on, take down Chen Tianzun
Break his hands and hand them over to Master Xiong to be angry
Who let you do it?
So I'm helping you.
Why are you hitting me?
It's light to hit you.
Who gave you the courage to take action against Wang Chaoxin's boss?
Who is the boss of the dynasty?